Now we are going to do the Empowerment. To receive the Empowerment, you are going to receive
this Empowerment by four different ways, by meditations, and with a segregated ritual object,
and with mantra, and with leading blessings. Those are the four different techniques that
will receive the Empowerment. Empowerment is one of the very powerful and special techniques
of the Vadiyana teaching. Vadiyana teaching has so many different, so many skillful means
to activate our innate Buddha nature so that we can benefit all living beings. Empowerment
is considered one of the very important and powerful techniques that will instantly dispel
the duality, consumption, or handless duality, and bring out the inner western light, and
by this power, by this religious blessing. So this Empowerment is considered very special
techniques in the Vadiyana teachings. And again to receive this Empowerment, as I said,
by four ways. Meditation, and then ritual object, and mantra, leading a blessing. Four combined
together with this Empowerment. First is, now we are going to meditate. How are we going
to meditate? And that is an exciting aspect of teaching, explaining how we meditate. So
I will again go briefly with this meaning. But again, why we are not enlightened? Why
we are not Buddha? Because of the dualities. Duality is our own creation. Nobody else created
and uploaded to us. We create the dualities. And the duality, and we kind of think, don't,
is grasping, clinging. They are clinging and grasping. That has become the handless. And
if we divide that grasping, what grasping comes somewhere, and grasping to the good,
headed to the bad, or what we lack to do. And so grasping to what we lack, and hating
a distant thought, to that what we don't like. That lacking, like and not lacking, is the
like, principle of fundamental obstacles that we start with. Reality level, everything is
displayed. Everything is displayed, is emanation, is like dreamless. There is no substantial
solid existing entity. It's the good, that's the bad. There is no market, the good and the bad. It
's all
mentally created and holding on to that. And in reality level, according to the Buddha's teaching,
it's empty. It's all totally free. It's nominated by our mind, our duality. And then we continue
to pursue that onto that. And then we make, we get troubles, challenge one after another. That's
not how duality made the handless to us. But now, we're going to get blessings of the Buddha,
actually, and activated our inner nature with all the interference of the duality. In order to do
that, first we have to be, go back to our nature. Our nature is pure from the beginning. Our nature
of the mind is pure from the beginning. It is also open, is emptiness, this end of freedom. That is
what our nature is. Not just only our nature of the mind, but reality level according to the Buddha
's
teaching, whole universe is that. There's no substantial solid existing entity at all. It's
all display, arising, this place. This arising display is what in the Buddhism whole, no? The
interdependent co-ordination. Arising, not just arising one by one, it is entities, or by one
power. It's all combined, all intermingled, all support each other. Each of those supporters are
also illusion, are their magic, magical disciplines. That's how all this world started. And for
that
reason, gracious teacher, Buddha pointed, all relative truth, all relatives. Why is it called
the truth? It's like truth on the illusion levels, exactly. But reality level is not, it's
relatives.
That is what it is. But now this time we're going back to the organ and natural state of our own
mind. That is known as pure from the beginning, as I said. Great emptiness, great freedom status.
In order to do this, again, here's the teaching. If you have this booklet, you can look to do that.